Add Triple Gatling Turret (#3)
TheGiraffe3/rumskib: data/weapons.txt

	description `When the war broke out the Pirates had to adapt to the new circumstances. The Quad Gatling Turret was born when a pirate, taking a page from the Gatling Turret, thought to replace the blasters on a Quad Blaster Turret with a double pair of Gatling Guns.`

outfit "Rumskib Triple Gatling Turret"
	category "Secondary Weapons"
	series "Secondary Weapons"
	index 01151
	cost 150000
	thumbnail "outfit/gat turret triple"
	"display name" "Triple Gatling Turret"
	"mass" 14
	"outfit space" -32
	"weapon capacity" -32
	"turret mounts" -1
	"required crew" 1
	"gatling round capacity" 9000
	weapon
		sound "gatling"
		sprite "projectile/2x tinyflare"
			"random start frame"
		"hardpoint sprite" "hardpoint/gat turret triple"
		"submunition" "gbullet"
			"offset" 1.5 -6
			"facing" 0.3
		"submunition" "gbullet"
			"offset" -1.5 -6
			"facing" -0.3
		"submunition" "gbullet"
			"offset" 0 -6
			"facing" 0
		ammo "Gatling Gun Ammo" 3
		icon "icon/gat turret"
		"inaccuracy" 3
		"turret turn" 3.1
		"velocity" 16
		"lifetime" 1
		"reload" 3
		"burst count" 180
		"burst reload" 1
		"firing energy" .09
		"firing heat" 7.5
		"cluster"
		"hit effect" "bullet impact"

> 	description `	The standard Gatling Turret version in the Core. They're richer, ergo more barrels. The Triple Gat Turret is an unnerving threat for any honest merchant.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description `The standard version of the Gatling Turret in the Core. The Triple Gat Turret is an unnerving threat for any honest merchant, with more barrels then the default version.`
```

	description `	The Single Gatling Turret came into existence when a pirate decided that the space requirements for the Blaster Turret were too high and dismounted one of the Gatling guns, creating a turret that turns even faster. As a result, this turret is the best anti-fighter weapon employed by pirates.`

> ### Hand To Hand ###

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Hand To Hand ###
```
